DOC Surpress deprecation warnings on php7.4 (#10043)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/00_Getting_Started/00_Server_Requirements.md

## Web server software requirements

 * PHP 7.1 or newer (no support for PHP 8)

>  ```
>      Running CMS3 with PHP 7.4 will trigger a number of deprecation warnings.
>      It's highly recommended you disable deprecation warnings.
>      For instance on a dev environment add the following to the bottom of _ss_environment.php
>      error_reporting(E_ALL & ~E_DEPRECATED);
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[warning]
Running CMS3 with PHP 7.4 triggers a number of deprecation warnings.
It's highly recommended you disable deprecation warnings.
For example, you can add the following to the bottom of your `_ss_environment.php` file:
`error_reporting(E_ALL & ~E_DEPRECATED);`

Read the [`error_reporting` PHP documentation](https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.error-reporting.php)
[/warning]
```

Author: Updated
